Correct process for registering an airgapped deployment for subnet (#740)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-license-register.rst

   mc license register minio3 --airgap

#. Run the command to return a registration link with token

> #. Go to the copied registration link in a web browser and sign in to SUBNET, if necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open the copied registration link in a web browser and sign in to SUBNET
```

Reviewer: I understand why the 'if necessary' is there, but I _think_ we are fine without it. If they get straight to SUBNET or not it works.

Author: Dispensing with unnecessary words for the win!
